[16.0][ADD] account_payment_term_cutoff_day: New module (#49)
OCA/l10n-japan: account_payment_term_cutoff_day/readme/USAGE.md

- Go to Invoicing > Configuration > Payment Terms.
- Select or create a Payment Term.

> - Under the Payment Term Lines, you will see a Cutoff Date field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Under the Payment Term Lines, you will see the Cutoff Day field.
```

> - Set a cutoff date (e.g., 20 for the 20th day of the month).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set a cutoff day (e.g., 20 for the 20th day of the month).
```
